==========================================================================
CIF - The Community Inversion Framework

Description:
 The present software is a community effort to rationalize tools and practices 
 within the atmospheric inversion community. It was initially founded by the 
 European Commission as part of the H2020 project VERIFY. 
 
 The software is governed by the CeCILL-C license (see below),

Code managers:
Antoine Berchet
Espen Sollum
Rona Thompson

Contact person:
 antoine.berchet@lsce.ipsl.fr

This software is governed by the CeCILL-C  license under French law and
abiding by the rules of distribution of free software.  You can  use, 
modify and/ or redistribute the software under the terms of the CeCILL
license as circulated by CEA, CNRS and INRIA at the following URL
"http://www.cecill.info". 

This Agreement is an open source software license intended to give users
significant freedom to modify and redistribute the software licensed
hereunder.

The exercising of this freedom is conditional upon a strong obligation
of giving credits for everybody that distributes a software
incorporating a software ruled by the current license so as all
contributions to be properly identified and acknowledged.

In consideration of access to the source code and the rights to copy,
modify and redistribute granted by the license, users are provided only
with a limited warranty and the software's author, the holder of the
economic rights, and the successive licensors only have limited liability.

In this respect, the risks associated with loading, using, modifying
and/or developing or reproducing the software by the user are brought to
the user's attention, given its Free Software status, which may make it
complicated to use, with the result that its use is reserved for
developers and experienced professionals having in-depth computer
knowledge. Users are therefore encouraged to load and test the
suitability of the software as regards their requirements in conditions
enabling the security of their systems and/or data to be ensured and,
more generally, to use and operate it in the same conditions of
security. This Agreement may be freely reproduced and published,
provided it is not altered, and that no provisions are either added or
removed herefrom.

The fact that you are presently reading this means that you have had
knowledge of the CeCILL license and that you accept its terms.
=